hey guys so my client today came in with
a level 6 ground
she's more like a level 5 and she wants
one so she's like a medium brown
without killing me so we'll see how this
goes so I'm doing some laundry
with probably about 30 volume and
oh yeah they were showing monomers they
have learned to learn okay first process
but everything I already taught this
technique so many times I would like to
kind of just
so
like before and after those kind of
things
so say hi Nicole so we got her pretty
light which I'm so surprised hi we got
him pretty light so she just toned and
now she's doing number two of olaplex
and without all the flex I probably
couldn't have gotten her that light
because I went from a five to about nine
in one sitting with 30 volumes really
with all of Lexus only 20 so I'm really
surprised but it was virgin hair so I
got lucky with that but I can't wait to
show you guys the end after a cutter
here
Oh
um here's the final result guys she's
trying to post it she's just too excited
how freaking gorgeous is this oh my god
do you mind turning around real quick
look at that look at all this balayage
you